






## Maintenance Agreement

This agreement is between BONG and The British Council, the Client.

Client is contracting BONG as a provider of web site maintenance services. Services not considered 'standard website maintenance' are subject to be charged at a daily rate of £650, and will not be considered part of this contract. 




What IS included in this agreement:

Scaling the site as neccessary to respond to high traffic.
Ensuring that the site continues working as delivered, fixing unforseen bugs related to high traffic or large amounts of collected data.
Daily backups of the site's database so that it may be fully restored in case of loss.
Paying the hosting fees associated with the site, managing the account and liasing with the hosting provider in all aspects. Communicating any issues originating from the hosting provider to the client.
Responding within 24 hours to all maintenance issues from Client via email, with an estimated time for the problem to be resolved. Available 7 days a week.

What is NOT included in this agreement:

Any changes to the site that constitute modifications to the design and intended functionality of the site as delivered. 




Quotation:

Monthly management and maintenance fees to cover the above: £1,000.00 per month
Hosting cost: up to £50 per month, dependent on traffic
Total: £1,050 per month


Notes:

Payment to be made by direct debit to BONG on the 1st day of each month. If payment is not made we cannot guarantee emergency response. 

BONG will provide 2 weeks notice of any time period when they will be unable to provide maintenance, for a maximum possible duration of 2 weeks.

Throughout the duration of this contract, the Client agrees that BONG will be the sole provider of maintenance services for the site, and no other party will have access to or rights to change web site. If a party other than BONG makes changes to the site, any errors that are created must be repaired and will be charged for at the daily rate specified above. 

Hosting fees may increase depending on the traffic the site recieves, BONG will upgrade the hosting plan as required, any extra cost is included in the above quotation. 




